#### Instructions to run the program:


PokerEnv is the new updated code, it is a simulation of the poker environment with 'n' number of agents each with their own emotions and power, currently if you open the PokerEnv.py file, you can see the test area at the end. If you run the program(You need PokerGame.py in the same folder, it is a dependency) 8 agents are created in a simulated poker environment and they display different emotions and their power.
The Graphical Interface and Decision maker are yet to be implemented.







## What's new:

#### Beta Version

Emotions Model

An Agent is a player in the environment, each agent has a hand of 2 cards, each agent starts with coins to place bets and each agent is given an emotion.

**The Emotions**
We use four of the six basic emotions of humans, they are:

Fear, Happiness, Anger, Contempt

We also add two other states of emotions called: no-emotion and normal.


An agent with the state no-emotion is purely statistical and always makes the statistically optimal move.


An agent with the state normal is a random agent, this agent takes random actions.


Each emotion also has power that determines how strong the emotion is affecting the agent. Its value lies between 0-1.

Here is an example agent with emotions and its power.

*Player ID: 0 , Emotion: happy , Emotion Power: 0.4835810757205069*

**Player Attributes**
Each agent has a set of attributes that influences the decisions they take. The attributes we have defined are as follows,



Caution
Greed
Bluff


Each attributes values lie between 0-100, with 50 being normal.

Caution influences the player to make less risky moves. Even if the probability of winning is high, the agent may take a less risky move. The higher the value, the lesser the probability of taking a risky move(like raising a bet).

Greed influences the player to make risky moves despite being unsure of the probability of winning, this may actually result in a win if the agent gets lucky or it may result in severe losses.

Bluff is a special attribute, it influences the player to make riskier moves even when the winning probability is low to influence other agents to Fold.

Default attributes are Caution:50, Greed:50, Bluff:50. (Normal Emotion). Emotions affect the starting attributes of each agent. For example:


IF emotion = Fear:
caution = caution + Power*(50)
AND 
greed = greed - Power*(50/2)

As the game progresses, these attributes undergo very small changes based on the status of the game. But these changes are minor compared to the initialization done by the emotions.

Note: This is the beta version, more attributes and emotions maybe added in the future.

**The Decision Making**
Each agent has a few details at its disposal when making a decision each round, it knows the bets placed on the table, what is its hand and the community cards on the table. 

Based on the hand and the community cards , each agent generates a score of its hand, the higher the score, the higher the chance of victory. This score is generated by the following formula:

*View the formula in the report*


where x_i is the probability of the ith flush happening with the hand + community cards (There are a total of 10 flushes/valid endgame hands in poker).
Each action is given a probability of occuring based on these values and the attributes. Then the agent takes action based on these probabilities.(In progress)
















